# Total-Multifunctional_Ad-Blocker
About: Ad Spectrum Suite is my first try on web extensions with intentions to minimize the chance receiving any ads such as YouTube and webpages that might annoyingly get into you, and wasting your precious time. 

Background:
There is one time YouTube gave me a 7 total minutes of "Wonderful" ad-breaks in which I had enough with this kind of fuss, so I went learning how to code myself since I don't really quite trust popular third-party ad blockers even though ad blockers are a common thing and much of them are more mature than mines. So, this is just to share my progress with everyone. Perhaps, this is a great way to share and a chance to exchange advise with others on how to skip Spotify Ads, since it seems like Spotify only allows you to mute but not block the ads as this would cause trouble to your account if I interpreted correctly... I'm currently moving my attention to remove paywalls and also auto-skip ads on other Video Players such as Dailymotion as well, on my next version. I'll see if I can post a tutorial on YouTube as an "Intro" to my channel, the "README" file will be updates with a link description towards it as soon as I've created and setup the channel properly. Keep in mind this is just an Ad skipper on YouTube, you may still see obstruction when an ad tries to pop-in, and I'm working on that. Goto "ReadMe" to see which variant is the latest version. My next goal is to add settings and allow people to toggle the aggressiveness it scans for ads to their likings.

**->Just ignore "//" comments within the VSC .js command line, it is just my way of making and memorizing footnotes on what to do next or ideas a about other apps I may consider to write.
Also, some sources(like ad-links) are refferred from online and may not be up to date, so please don't mind and keep in mind about it.
Thanks!
